Campbell2013Automatic

The perception system is composed of a Microsoft HD video camera for object detection and identification and an Acuity laser sensor.

For obstacle avoidance, the presented system has a unit to predict next positin of detected obstacles. 
They use the CPA method, assuming that detected obstacles will proceed in their current velocities, this method find the closest distance between encountering vessels at some time in the future.
Moreover, a sampling interval is determined for updating the calculated distance.
If the closest predicted distance is less than the accepta-ble range, the module advises a change in direction as
an approaching threat is confirmed.
This basic information is extracted from analysys of data captured by the perception system and them the trajectory of the obstacles are predicted usinf the following formula:
The navigation system is composed by GPS and gyrocompass.
For system evalution they performed virtual simulations using the Virtual Sailor Simulatorm\cite{Papini I. Virtual Sailor Software. SimSquared Ltd. Ship Simulator Shareware, 1999–2008. http://www.hangsim .com/vs/}.

The systems uses A* for global guidance and a modification of A*, entitled R-RA*, for local guidance.
The focus of this papers is on describing the local guidance system.

The R-RA * method consists of having the path generated by A * as the base, performing iterative changes in the path to avoid collisions. 
Path changes are performed in a local scope. 
The method is based on A *, so its implementation is based on evaluating a set of nodes in the search space and defining a closed list. 
For COLREGS-compliance, the method consider that the positions that will cause a violation of the COLREGS is marked as belonging to the closed list.
This way tha A* will not consider that nodes.
The world is locally represented in a grid representaiton.
They assume that is possible to determine other vessels heading and velocity. Thus the system uses this information for calculation of the CPA.
Every time the distance between the \ac{USV} and the CPA is shorter than the minimum acceptable distance. The local guidance system, with R-RA* is activated.

